going on everybody this here is free one
up and I meant to make this video the
other day when I made a video about the
marvel vs capcom to my little babbling
rent yeah I finally hit g1 man fact the
same way I made them on vs capcom 2
video that's that night I hit ji won on
Street Fighter phone you know i'm at g1e
right now and i gotta say is some tough
fighters out there knows it's like
people that fight good on a regular they
know how to scrap on that game you know
what I'm saying but people been telling
me but you gotta do you want man you
goin g one cuz a legal near to be there
but like you even do like be a mona from
d2 and i don't know what i would come up
ain't no difference well maybe it's a
little different because the people are
tougher
they all like I can you ain't gonna find
no fights there's no like saw one bar
connections it's just Japanese people
from that I beat you down and you can't
use the blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah good way i said this ain't doing
nothing but making me better I want to
fight these tough team and I don't I'll
awesome I haven't won a tournament on
there yet because everybody mostly about
our fighters tough on it that's how I
like he got an earner me no no scrubs
you know understand who's be on there I
fucked this about rock boy he was tough
man maybe he may meet maybe bring my A
game he wouldn't do nothing just SAT
back there and then do that he was like
he waited on me you know like we got
another one of these Balrogs and he knew
how to hit he was looking like jwong out
there a little bit son just a little bit
oh dang man he didn't down I'm half I
lost that fight but I tried to add him
but his list was full canteen freakin at
him
yeah many people ain't that tough though
people on there what they live 40,000
points no points don't scare me you
think I'm scary Oh 40,000 points oh
really what up you need to go and get to
that team yeah they will show you how to
really play people to play with them
scribbs Elliot please real please well
won't you shall be real place I'm saying
yeah i'm gonna start posting videos
maybe tonight a button from g1 losing
Leanne I don't care you know it might be
a little less talking because they may
be concentrating on that chunk for real
and I like that that's what I'm talking
about trying to find me and you find
those blancas on there and said i just
beat this a guy what is a you know helps
Agassi just keep jumping in here doing
that little elbow down a little elbow in
the air we just kept doing it to God
like a much as a fierce punch deed when
he hit me I traded with me I'm like
serious oh yeah it just takes up too
much life for no reason at all you know
he should hire bison much likely take
out anyway
anyway I ran some blockers that wanted
to be super cheap enough but I'm used to
block enough get blanca I'm you see all
the tactics for blocking nine keep
jumping up and down jump up and down all
right next to you do that little comic
Ross on comm oh go ahead but with the
two knees or something like that or
something whatever y'all be around
trying to do electricity on wake up no
I'm trying to cross her up with the ball
before you get up or whatever I'm hip to
y'all y'all all do the same stuff and
that is mini blocker players downfall ya
got ya i shatter that slow roll into the
throw they don't they don't mean hit
your slower oh and it just roll up to
you when you kneel and throw time i'll
be waiting on two legs look WAY throw
this ain't no tech throw ain't no tech
throne but as soon as you land you get
fierce kick that's what I'm talking
about keep on wishing never did that
junk before but yeah yeah I mean I'm nt1
telling y'all if you want it's tough not
stuffs everybody sadies but it's pretty
tough what stop posting videos body so
yeah that resin even music I did there's
a human too boy no I'm Sam
that's what leah was running from the
laboratory runaway escape in that way I
wasn't Jump streeted let me tell me my
music too loud and hit either them honey
you you were good this video framing up
but your music was too hot this time
anyway yeah thanks for watching peace at